[IMP] mrp: update variants doc (#5236)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/management/product_variants.rst

Manufacture a variant of a BoM product
--------------------------------------

Once the :abbr:`SO (sales order)` is confirmed, a :guilabel:`Manufacturing` smart button appears at
the top of the :abbr:`SO (sales order)` form. Click the :guilabel:`Manufacturing` smart button to
open the :guilabel:`Manufacturing Order` form.

On this form, under the :guilabel:`Components` tab, the appropriate components for the chosen
variant are listed, and depending on the variant, different components will be listed. To see any
mandatory and optional :guilabel:`Operation` steps, click the :guilabel:`Work Orders` tab.

To enter the tablet view work order screen, click the :guilabel:`tablet icon` to the right of the
row for the desired operation to be completed. From the tablet view, click :guilabel:`Mark as Done`
as the operation progresses to complete the operation steps. Alternatively, click the
:guilabel:`Mark as Done` button at the top of the manufacturing order form to complete the order.

.. image:: product_variants/product-variants-manufacturing-order.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Manufacturing order for variant of BoM product.

> Then, navigate back to the :abbr:`SO (sales order)` via the breadcrumbs at the top of the page. Now
> that the product has been manufactured, click the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to deliver the
> product to the customer. From the :guilabel:`Delivery Order` form, click :guilabel:`Validate`, then
> click :guilabel:`Apply` to to deliver the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, navigate back to the :abbr:`SO (sales order)`, via the :guilabel:`breadcrumbs` at the top of
the page.

Now that the product has been manufactured, click the :guilabel:`Delivery` smart button to deliver
the product to the customer. From the :guilabel:`Delivery Order` form, click :guilabel:`Validate`,
then click :guilabel:`Apply` to to deliver the product.
```

> To finish the sale, click back to the :abbr:`SO (sales order)` via the :guilabel:`breadcrumbs` at
> the top of the page again, and click :guilabel:`Create Invoice` followed by :guilabel:`Create
> Invoice` again to invoice the customer for the order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To finish the sale, click back to the :abbr:`SO (sales order)`, via the :guilabel:`breadcrumbs` at
the top of the page again. Then, click :guilabel:`Create Invoice`, followed by :guilabel:`Create
Invoice` again to invoice the customer for the order.
```

setting. For more information on configuring product variants, refer to :doc:`this page
<../../../sales/sales/products_prices/products/variants>`.

.. image:: product_variants/product-variants-variants-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Selecting "Variants" from Inventory app settings.

Create custom product attributes
================================

Once the product variants feature is activated, product attributes to apply on variants can be
created and edited, either from the :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Settings`
by clicking the :guilabel:`internal link arrow` next to :guilabel:`Attributes`, or by clicking
:menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Attributes`.

Once on the :guilabel:`Attributes` page, either click into an existing attribute, or click
:guilabel:`Create` to create a new one. Doing so reveals a new, blank form for customizing an
attribute. Click :guilabel:`Edit` to make changes.

Assign an :guilabel:`Attribute Name`, and click the drop-down menu next to the :guilabel:`Category`
field to assign this attribute to a category. Then, select the desired options next to the

> :guilabel:`Display Type` and :guilabel:`Variants Creation Mode` fields. Once the desired options are

Author: Yeah, for some reason for existing attributes this isn't there but when I create a new one it is there

variants to a product, navigate to the product form by going to :menuselection:`Inventory app -->
Products --> Products`. To make changes to the product, click :guilabel:`Edit`. Then, click the
:guilabel:`Variants` tab.

Under the :guilabel:`Attribute` header, click :guilabel:`Add a line` to add a new attribute, and
select one to add from the drop-down menu. Then, under the :guilabel:`Values` header, click the
drop-down menu to reveal the list of possible values created previously. Add all the desired values
by clicking on them. Repeat this process for any additional attributes that should be added to the
product. Once finished, click :guilabel:`Save` to save changes.

.. image:: product_variants/product-variants-product-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Product form variants tab with values and attributes.

.. tip::
   :abbr:`BoM (bill of materials)` products with multiple variants that are manufactured in-house
   should either have a 0,0 reordering rule set up, or have their replenishment routes set to
   *Replenish on Order (MTO)*.

Apply BoM components to product variants
========================================

> Next, create a new :abbr:`BoM (bill of materials)`, or edit an existing one, by going to

Author: Because I like to show how to do things from scratch, for people actually starting from scratch. I think it's helpful to include all instructions from beginning to end even if it's a little long-winded

Once all the specifications have been chosen, click :guilabel:`Add`. This will change the pop-up to
a second :guilabel:`Configure` pop-up, where available optional products will appear, if they have
been created previously. Once ready, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to close the pop-up.

Then, click :guilabel:`Save` to save all changes, and click :guilabel:`Confirm` at the top of the
:guilabel:`Quotation` form to create and confirm a new sales order (SO).

Manufacture a variant of a BoM product
--------------------------------------

Once the :abbr:`SO (sales order)` is confirmed, a :guilabel:`Manufacturing` smart button appears at
the top of the :abbr:`SO (sales order)` form. Click the :guilabel:`Manufacturing` smart button to
open the :guilabel:`Manufacturing Order` form.

On this form, under the :guilabel:`Components` tab, the appropriate components for the chosen
variant are listed, and depending on the variant, different components will be listed. To see any
mandatory and optional :guilabel:`Operation` steps, click the :guilabel:`Work Orders` tab.

To enter the tablet view work order screen, click the :guilabel:`tablet icon` to the right of the

> row for the desired operation to be completed. From here, click :guilabel:`Mark as Done` as the

Reviewer 2: Maybe add just a little more specific instruction about where we are right now?
```suggestion
row for the desired operation to be completed. On the tablet view, click :guilabel:`Mark as Done` as the
```

> operation progresses to complete the operation steps. Alternatively, from the
> :guilabel:`Manufacturing Order` form, click :guilabel:`Mark as Done` at the top of the form to
> complete the order.

Reviewer 2: Are we talking about the form view, not the tablet view?
If so, I'm not sure if wrapping `Manufacturing Order` with guilabel is the way to go since MO isn't explictly shown on the UI. `WH/MO/0008` is. In that case, maybe we should just call it "manufacturing order form" or "form view of the MO"

I reworded to say what the instruction does first, before the instruction itself. Feel free to accept/ignore this!

```suggestion
operation progresses to complete the operation steps. Alternatively, click the :guilabel:`Mark
as Done` at the top of the manufacturing order form to complete the order.
```

.. image:: product_variants/product-variants-manufacturing-order.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Manufacturing order for variant of BoM product.

> Then, navigate back to the :abbr:`SO (sales order)` via the :guilabel:`breadcrumbs` at the top of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then, navigate back to the :abbr:`SO (Sales Order)` via the :guilabel:`breadcrumbs` at the top of
```
To match the capitalization of the abbrev

> Then, navigate back to the :abbr:`SO (sales order)` via the :guilabel:`breadcrumbs` at the top of

Reviewer 2: Since there isn't "breadcrumbs" written explicitly on the UI, I was thinking we can wrap it in italics instead?
